foodRawBearMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Bear Meat,,,,
foodBearMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Bear Stew,,,,
foodBoiledBearMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Bear Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledBearMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Bear Grilled,,,,
foodCharredBearMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Bear Charred,,,,
foodRawChickenMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Chicken,,,,
foodChickenMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Chicken Stew,,,,
foodBoiledChickenMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Chicken Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledChickenMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Chicken Grilled,,,,
foodCharredChickenMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Chicken Charred,,,,
foodRawBoarMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Pork,,,,
foodBoarMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Pork Stew,,,,
foodBoiledBoarMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Pork Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledBoarMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Pork Grilled,,,,
foodCharredBoarMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Pork Charred,,,,
foodRawRabbitMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Rabbit,,,,
foodRabbitMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Rabbit Stew,,,,
foodBoiledRabbitMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Rabbit Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledRabbitMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Rabbit Grilled,,,,
foodCharredRabbitMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Rabbit Charred,,,,
foodRawDeerMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Venison,,,,
foodDeerMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Venison Stew,,,,
foodBoiledDeerMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Venison Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledDeerMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Venison Grilled,,,,
foodCharredDeerMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Venison Charred,,,,
foodRawSnakeMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Snake,,,,
foodSnakeMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Snake Stew,,,,
foodBoiledSnakeMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Snake Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledSnakeMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Snake Grilled,,,,
foodCharredSnakeMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Snake Charred,,,,
foodRawWolfMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Raw Wolf,,,,
foodWolfMeatStew,items,Food,KgNone,Wolf Stew,,,,
foodBoiledWolfMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Wolf Boiled,,,,
foodGrilledWolfMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Wolf Grilled,,,,
foodCharredWolfMeat,items,Food,KgNone,Wolf Charred,,,,
workstationOven,blocks,Workstation,KgNone,Oven,,,,
workstationOvenDesc,blocks,Container,KgNone,"Useful to cook food and warm up. Unlock more recipes by adding a cooking pot and cooking grill.",,,,,
workingGraniteSink,blocks,Container,KgNone,Granite Sink,,,,
workingGraniteSinkDesc,blocks,Container,KgNone,A sink for all your water needs. "Left Click" (Action0) on the sink for murky water,  there is no boiler included.,,,,
workstationCharcoalGrill,blocks,Container,New,Charcoal Grill,,,,
workstationCharcoalGrillDesc,blocks,Container,New,For all your grilling needs,,,,
workingWaterCooler,blocks,Container,KgNone,Water Cooler,,,,
workingWaterCoolerDesc,blocks,Container,KgNone,A water cooler for all your water needs. "Left Click" (Action0) on the cooler for murky water,  there is no boiler included.,,,,